Text used to develop this little application.

Sentiment analysis

English (en)

I ordered a small and expected it to fit just right but it was a little bit more like a medium-large. It was great quality. 
It's a lighter brown than pictured but fairly close. Would be ten times better if it was lined with cotton or wool on the inside.

Spanish English (es) [Translated using AWS translate]

Pedí un pequeño y esperaba que encajara bien, pero era un poco más como un medio-grande. Era de gran calidad. 
Es un marrón más claro que en la foto, pero bastante cerca. Sería diez veces mejor si estuviera forrado con algodón o lana en el interior.

Keyphrase extraction example copy

English (en)

 I'm an avid photographer, and I'm primarily found shooting with my DSLR or my instant film camera that I carry around for casual use. 
 While nothing beats my DSLR in power and convenience, there's something magical about my instant film camera. 
 Perhaps it's that you're shooting on actual film, or maybe it's that every shot you take is a unique physical artifact (which is special in today's world of Instagram and Facebook, where photos are a dime a dozen). 
 All I know for sure is that they are incredibly fun to use and peoples' eyes light up when you pull one of these out at a party.

Spanish English (es) [Translated using AWS translate]

Soy un fotógrafo ávido, y me encuentro principalmente fotografiando con mi DSLR o mi cámara de película instantánea que llevo para uso casual. 
Aunque nada supera a mi DSLR en potencia y comodidad, hay algo mágico en mi cámara de película instantánea. 
Tal vez es que estás filmando en una película real, o tal vez es que cada toma que tomas es un artefacto físico único (que es especial en el mundo actual de Instagram y Facebook, donde las fotos son un centavo por docena). 
Todo lo que sé con seguridad es que son increíblemente divertidos de usar y los ojos de la gente se iluminan cuando sacas uno de estos en una fiesta.


Entity Recognition

 Amazon.com, Inc. is located in Seattle, WA and was founded July 5th, 1994 by Jeff Bezos, 
 allowing customers to buy everything from books to blenders. Seattle is north of Portland and south of Vancouver, BC. 
 Other notable Seattle-based companies are Starbucks and Boeing.

 This was such a beautiful book. I wasn’t even planning any travel when I came across this and just started flipping through the pages. 
 I really like the cover and all the large glossy photographs in this book. John Smith did a wonderful job with the photography. 
 I’ve found a perfect home for this on my coffee table. I’m planning a trip to Paris and Barcelona soon and I know this will come in handy. 
 In the meantime, it’s perfect for assisting this armchair traveler!